Oh, right here.
(Episode 8)
President Jang, what brings you here?
I wanted to give you some pictures of our new actors...
and to see if you had any great scripts.
After what happened, I'm sure Jin Jin...
- isn't doing so well. - No way.
It's her second prime time.
She got an offer for a sports drink ad that she shot 15 years ago.
This is a daily drama.
It's a story about an old single woman from a rich family...
going through all kinds of trouble after meeting the male lead.
We have 160 episodes. Do you think Jin Jin will take it?
- Sounds great. - You only say that.
Goodness, look who this is.
Hello.
- Hello. - Oh, hey.
Is today a special day?
Why do I see so many high-ranking managers?
I was here for a lunch appointment.
There was a good restaurant that serves nice yellow corvina.
The place at the crossroads? They're famous.
When I went last week, they said Shin Chul, the movie director, came.
He's a regular.
I was there with Director Shin.
So Eun, one of our actresses, was cast in his new project.
- The one with Eom Hong Shik? - Yes.
Does that mean So Eun will be going to Cannes?
Only if the movie's a hit.
Director Shin's a scumbag.
How dare he test the waters?
I won't leave him alone.
So what if he's a director?
I've known him since he was a nobody.
Is this how he repays me?
Let it go.
- I'm on my way to wring his neck. - Don't.
Will I starve if I don't do that movie?
Cool down, okay? Bye.
(Producer Bong)
Hello, I'm Producer Bong from "We Got Married".
We're shooting a fifth season.
There's only one spot left.
Mr. Producer.
Like I told you before,
we aren't yet prepared.
You don't need to prepare anything.
We'll prepare everything.
I'm really sorry.
Don't you want to turn Jin Jin into Korea's favorite dating actress?
If she does our show,
she can revamp her image.
Now is the chance.
- I'm really sorry. - Wait.
I'm Jang Ki Bong, president of Chamjin Entertainment.
Where are you?
We really want Sa Jin Jin on our show.
Just say yes,
and we'll revamp her image for you.
Why are you keeping her under wraps?
Mystery pays, but still.
Jin Jin gained a lot of female fans since...
they found out she's never dated, which is great,
but it's also true that her image took a hit.
I heard you're having problems getting casted for her next project.
Producer Bong, we have only one condition.
Her partner. The guy.
Jin Jin? I have some great news.
Producer Bong's new project is just amazing.
A secret but captivating love story of the century.
A gut-wrenching melodrama of a 20-year-old fantasy that came true.
- It's perfect for you. - Is it?
I'm serious. It's Producer Bong's new project.
There's no need to hesitate.
Let's meet the director right away.
Are you free tomorrow?
What's the rush?
Do you want to keep doing nothing?
Ji Won isn't in.
I was hoping he could eat it while it's hot.
Mi Kyung.
- Check today's date. - What?
Silly me. I completely forgot about it.
- Ji Won, my third concern. - Okay.
What should I do when I'm craving a beer?
Not today.
- Are you going somewhere? - Yes.
- On a date? - Yes.
Wait. With whom?
- Jin Jin? - No.
My dad.
Are you on your way?
I have to buy something. I'll be a bit late.
Okay. I'll tell the others.
Honey, please wake up.
Wake up, honey. Oh, no.
What should we do?
- Be careful. - Okay.
He'll be okay. Don't worry about Ji Won.
Take this. Now get in there. Go.
- I'll go too. - Take care.
(Emergency Rescue)
It's gotten worse than when you were here two months ago.
It's in your veins and lungs.
Let's stop with the treatment.
It's pointless now.
Doctor. I want to...
see my son start school.
- How old is he? - He's seven.
You did well so far.
Don't spend the rest of your days in the hospital.
I think it's best you stay with your family and prepare yourselves.
What should I do now?
What should I do?
What a lovely sight. I'll take a photo now.
Look straight at the camera.
Now smile, 1, 2.
Ji Won has a new family.
It's been almost 20 years,
so it's odd to say "new".
Don't think she betrayed your friend.
Her husband even hosts Ji Won's dad's memorial service.
How could you?
Kwang Hee, you're so heartless.
Why didn't you tell us before?
I'm sorry.
Because of my Ho Sung...
So how have you been?
How was life? Did you live okay?
Mi Kyung,
actually, I...
(In 2000)
Eat all you want.
Your name is Ji Won?
Yes.
You need to transfer to a new school,
so things will be tough for a bit.
I have a son too.
He's older than you.
I hope you two get along.
Why isn't he here?
He'll come. He must be busy.
Actually, I got pregnant...
with a daughter.
Mom.
Where's my Chul Min?
He's always late.
I told him to be on time, and he's late again.
He said he'd be late. We can wait.
Sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry I'm late.
I bought his favorite cake.
[VIU Ver] E08 20th Century Boy & Girl "Xmas in August"
-= Ruo Xi =-
You gained weight.
- Have I? - It's your age.
Your belly will start to get pudgy next. You better watch it.
You should watch it.
Ji Won, where's my present?
That's right. It's in my car.
Shall we eat first?
- Go and get him. - What?
Who?
Tell Dad dinner's ready.
Dad.
Mom, aren't you glad to see Ji Won?
Kind of.
Chul Min, I want you to find someone special.
I'm not interested yet.
Don't. If you want to get married, you need my permission.
- Ji Won, you too. - What?
You should know your place.
Have some of this.
It's your favorite.
She cooked it today for you.
While preparing for the memorial service?
You shouldn't have.
Take some with you.
- Keep it in the fridge. - Okay.
Eat up.
Pork cutlet?
Why is that your favorite?
Finish that, okay?
Okay.
Come on, eat up.
No, there's too much on my mind.
I need a change. Hey.
Jin Jin did a magazine interview.
("Universal Emotions")
She gave them a photo with us in it.
What? Which one?
The one we took on our first day of school.
She's the only one who looks pretty in it.
She's never ugly in any of our photos.
That's true.
Hang on. What's today's date?
Today? It's the 25th.
- Christmas in August. - Christmas in August.
- Where are you? - Where are you?
Don't forget our meeting with Producer Bong.
- Remember Bangbae Intersection? - Of course.
It's where your old office used to be. I'll never forget.
Don't mention that.
There's a Japanese restaurant nearby.
Meet me in the area at 6pm, and we can go together.
Hong Hee will pick you up.
Put some makeup on and dress up. Look pretty.
- You said that already. - What are you doing?
- I have to go somewhere. - Where?
Somewhere close to home.
(Shinhanyang Elementary School)
(We shall be honest and upright.)
Sa Jin Jin, let's play.
Come here. Come at me.
- Stay away. - Why are you running away?
- Come here. - Don't move.
You're late.
- Tell me why. - Leave me alone.
Come here. Come with me.
Come with us.
Sa Jin Jin!
Stop, I'm exhausted.
What? He's...
It can't be...
Possibly.
Definitely.
- Gong Ji Won! - Gong Ji Won!
- Gong Ji Won! Gong Ji Won! - Gong Ji Won! Gong Ji Won!
- Come here! - Unbelievable.
Hello.
(First day of school)
Why? Don't you want to go?
Our first day of school was a bit special.
(School Motto: Study hard)
(Be wise thinkers, Help each other)
It wasn't a spring day.
Four children started school...
on a very hot day in August.
There you go.
Hurry up. Run.
It's your family's turn to take a photo.
- Here he is. - Thank you.
(Gong Ji Won)
Mom told me this.
(Shinhanyang Elementary School)
That Santa Claus had decided to grant Ji Won's dad a wish...
and set up something special before he had to leave us.
- Paper, paper, scissors. - Rock, rock, rock.
- Let's take a photo. - It was like Christmas in August.
Look at me and smile. You all look great.
The sky was clear blue as summer gave way to autumn.
Okay.
- Shall we do it now Ji Won's here? - Are you ready?
- Come on. - Get ready.
We're loyal friends.
Ji Won, the pork cutlets are on you next time.
- Did you press it? - Okay, okay.
Don't just say yes.
I promise.
- Hey. - Get back.
The kids who remember the sun air, and...
wind of that day have gathered again.
- Cheese. - Cheese.
We're 35 now.
On Christmas in August of 2017.
Hello, Producer Bong.
Remember the only condition I gave? I called to check on that.
We're all prepared.
Jin Jin has no idea.
- Hong Hee. - Yes?
- Isn't it odd? - What?
What do you mean?
Am I overdressed?
Stop it.
You looked preoccupied,
so I dressed you up to cheer you up.
Take it off if you don't like it.
No, I'm just saying.
Jin Jin, President Jang will be a little late.
He told us to go somewhere first.
I'll stay in the car.
Jin Jin, look over there. What do you think?
Looks great.
This is where you took the picture in the magazine, right?
It definitely is.
Jin Jin, do you want some coffee?
Hello?
Yes, give me a moment.
My phone! I must have left it in the car.
I'll be back soon.
Ji Won.
This is bad.
You should stay with us for a while.
- Pardon? - The thing is...
I came by to give you some more side dishes,
and it turns out our boiler exploded.
I'm so sorry.
You should stay with us for a while.
Oh, it's all right. I can stay at a hotel.
My goodness, you have a place you can stay.
I'm fine.
Don't say it's fine.
Your mom will be really angry at me. You have to stay with us.
- It's okay, leave it here. - I can't.
Just stay until the walls dry and you have new wallpapers.
It'll only take a few days.
I feel bad, that's why.
I clean this room every day, so it's not too bad.
It's not the best place, but for a few days...
Jin Jin lives on the 15th floor,
so you won't be bothered.
It's okay, right?
Yes.
You used to hang out so much in this room as a kid.
You threw a fit saying you'll marry Jin Jin and not go home.
Goodness, what am I saying?
Don't worry about it.
And give me any laundry or anything to iron.
Don't be embarrassed, okay?
- Yes, ma'am. - Good.
Oh, right, and this.
My gosh, do you still use keys?
I should change your lock for you.
It's all right. Don't mind it.
Children of 20th Century/20th Century Boy & Girl)
Did you have no idea? Did you know it was me?
- That way, you'll be more popular. - No, Anthony is much more popular.
He's a member of Boys Be Ambitious.
What if you had to choose among us?
Jin Jin.
Why did we break up?
Do you live here? My brother lives here too.
I met this person, and I have to be really close with him.
What kind of smell do men like?
Why didn't you tell me you were on "We Got Married"?
Who on earth is my sister-in-law?
What I'm saying is this. Tell your wife...
I'm not married.
Stop spreading false rumors.